[Go] Concept Exercise: basic-slices (#347)
exercism/v3: languages/go/exercises/concept/basic-slices/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

As a magician-to-be, Elyse needs to practice some basics. She has a stack of cards that she wants to do some operations on.

> To make things a bit easier she uses only the cards 1 to 10.

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure, but I think:

```suggestion
To make things a bit easier she only uses the cards 1 to 10.
```

### 1. Retrieve a card from a stack

Return the card at position `index` from the given stack.

```go
GetItem([]uint8{1, 2, 4, 1}, 2)
// Returns: 4
```

### 2. Exchange a card in the stack

Exchange the card at position `index` with the new card provided and return the adjusted stack.
Note that this will also change the input slice which is ok.

```go

> SetItem([]uint8{1, 2, 4, 1}, 2, 6)

Reviewer: I find it hard to see what the individual arguments represent. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
index := 2
new_card := 6
SetItem([]uint8{1, 2, 4, 1}, index, new_card)
```

Or does Go have named arguments that can help?

Author: no named arguments, no. Looks more readable, yes :)

# Instructions

> As a magician-to-be, Elyse needs to practice some basics. She has a stack of cards that she wants to do some operations on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a magician-to-be, Elyse needs to practice some basics. She has a stack of cards that she wants to manipulate.
```
